[skip ci] Add information on how to test the URL intent filter (#12742)
tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions: CONTRIBUTING.md

Extensions can define URL intent filters by defining it inside a custom `AndroidManifest.xml` file.
For an example, refer to [the NHentai module's `AndroidManifest.xml` file](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/blob/master/src/all/nhentai/AndroidManifest.xml) and [its corresponding `NHUrlActivity` handler](https://github.com/tachiyomiorg/tachiyomi-extensions/blob/master/src/all/nhentai/src/eu/kanade/tachiyomi/extension/all/nhentai/NHUrlActivity.kt).

> To test if the URL intent filter is working as expected, you can try opening the website in a browser and navigating to the endpoint that was added as a filter or clicking a hiperlink. Alternatively, you can also use the `adb` command below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test if the URL intent filter is working as expected, you can try opening the website in a browser and navigating to the endpoint that was added as a filter or clicking a hyperlink. Alternatively, you can use the `adb` command below.
```
